---
title: 'SEP_0000'
section: 'Final Act'
tags: ['Escape Room', 'SEP']
date: '30.05.2024'
---

<script>
 import ModeKeeper from '$lib/components/general/ModeKeeper.svelte';
</script>

<ModeKeeper desired="dark"/>

#### Last Entry

**SEP_0000**

#### Protocol Entry

If you read this, you are in some deep shit. Your ship runs on auxiliary power and your ship drifts
uncontrollably through space. Despite the circumstances, protocols must be followed, and therefore
you need to authorize yourself, before continuing. Admittedly, this might pose some problems if,
let's say, you suffer from amnesia, but if you are a good Captain, you hopefully have left some
clues for you.

Furthermore, each entry of the super emergency protocol is identified by the protocol name "SEP" and
the entry number **XXXX**. However, these entries are not in order. This is to confuse enemies in the
case of a hostile takeover of the ship. Additionally, there are false entries mixed in to cause
further confusion. Should one open a wrong entry three times, the ship will self-destruct, to
prevent it to fall under enemy control.

Since there are thousands of protocols and countless entries for every protocol, each Captain may
add notes to their protocols entries, in order to help them navigate through them, without accidentally
destroying their own ship. The protocol for protocol notes states, that the solution to the hints
need to be a number in the format **XXXX** to lead to the next protocol entry. Nevertheless, the
solution might not always be as straight forward as it seems. Occasionally, you will have to think
outside the box.

Additionally, every entry has defined, which entry comes before, so if the last entry you have read
does **not** match the number listed in the new entry, you went wrong somewhere. To prevent any
unwanted things to happen, head back to the last entry you have read and try again.

Finally, good luck. You are going to need it.

#### Protocol Notes

**_F12_**

```js
const start = () => {
	(true && false) || false || (true && true && false && true) || ((true, false) && foo());
};

const foo = () => {
	console.log('27' + '42');
};

start();
```
